1. Investigate factors that can extend user engagement and commitment to their physical goals and understand the role of the training tracking app in sustaining this motivation.

----------------------------------------------	
what properties of the fitness tracking app need to be considered?
why is it important to consider what aspects of app I need to consider when I design an app?
what properties? -> motivation, consistency, convenience & simplicity, accuracy, privacy concern
why each of property/aspect is important in terms of fitness tracking apps

----------------------------------------------
why is it important to understand how features effect to what properties of the app?
what are the features of the fitness tracking app? : 
Workout Analysis Features (Progress calculation)
Goal Setting Features
Exercise Personalisation Features (Add my own exercises)
Routine Personalisation Features (Add my own routines/categories)
Planning Features (Workout planning calendar)
UI Personalisation Features (User-personalisable interface / Changeable screen layout)
Reminder Features (Notifications for workout reminders)
Socialising Features (Sharing my workout progress with others)
Gaming Features (Earning badges and achievements motivates me)
Visualisation Features (Muscle visualisation)

----------------------------------------------
How each feature effects each properties/aspect of the app


1. Workout Analysis Features (Progress calculation)
motivation (positive) : seeing their workout result progress will motivate them.
consistency (positive) : user can keep track on their progress and how often they worked out. which will make user workout more consistently using the app 
convenience & simplicity(positive) : can give user analysis automatically, so it is simple and user don't need to enter their data other places to get analysis. Will increase convenience as it will be easier to see result at a glancem rather than just list of logs they entered. 
accuracy (negative) : can be different from actual user's ability, will be factors the app cannot consider, so not perfectly accurate
privacy concern (negative) : storing user's workout result analysis (personal information which can be sensitive)

2. Goal Setting Features
motivation (positive) : seeing the goal will remind them their goal and motivate them
consistency (positive) : seeing progress towards the goal gives user the feeling that they will be able to achieve it. so they keep workout using the app 
convenience & simplicity (positive) : it will be easy for user to check how close they are to their goal, also the app will remember their goal, so user don't need to memorise all their goals. 
accuracy (negative) : depends on what standard they use, their goal and actual ability can have difference between them. 
privacy concern (negative) : storing user's workout goal (personal information which can be sensitive)

3. Exercise Personalisation Features (Add my own exercises)
consistency(positive) : personalisation will enable to user to add any exercises they want, which will help user to keep using the app no matter what exercise they want to do. Also, personalisation makes user feel closer to the app, which also help user to use the app consistently
convenience & simplicity (positive) : they can add any exercises they want, which make the app usage convenient. Also, user only can focus on exercises they want, which will make app simpler.
accuracy(negative) : the algorithm calculation to keep track on users' progress for each exercise can be vary depends on what exercise it is. So, if user can personalise the exercise, it will decrease the accuracy.

4. Routine Personalisation Features (Add my own routines/categories)
consistency(positive) : personalisation will enable to user to add any routine or categories they want, which will help user to keep using the app no matter how they want to group exercises. Also, personalisation makes user feel closer to the app, which also help user to use the app consistently. 
convenience & simplicity(positive) : Also, categorising or making routine will enable to user to find and access to an exercise easier. 
accuracy(negative) : the algorithm calculation to keep track on users' progress for each routine can be vary depends on what exercise it is. So, if user can personalise the exercise, it will decrease the accuracy.


5. Planning Features (Workout planning calendar)
consistency(positive) : planning can help user to workout consistently sticking to their plan, checking their plan on app.
convenience & simplicity(negative) : workout planning calender is not a neccesary feature for app to have, which planner app can replace. adding unneccessary feature will make the app complex. also, having too many features will overwhelem user as they will feel there are so many features. it will confuse them.
privacy concern(negative) : storing user's workout plan (personal information which can be sensitive)


6. Reminder Features (Notifications for workout reminders)
motivation : reminding can motivate 
consistency : notification fatigue

7. Socialising Features (Sharing my workout progress with others)
motivation(positive)
convenience & simplicity(strongly negative)
privacy concern(stronly negative)

8. gaming Features (Earning badges and achievements motivates me)
motivation (slightly positive)
consistency (negative) : gamification fatigue
convenience & simplicity(negative)
accuracy(negative)
privacy concern(negative)

9. Visualisation Features (Muscle visualisation)
motivation (positive)
consistency (positive)
accuracy (negative) : The information about your muscle status provided in the app might not be entirely accurate, as it can
depend on factors beyond those you enter. Instead of placing full trust and reliance on the app, you will
need to monitor your condition yourself. Consider using the app as a supplementary tool











