- abstract

- introduction



- background

1. focusing on muscles...
	(1) muscle growth
	(2) muscle loss
	(3) 1RM

2. 


- project execution

1. Investigate factors that can extend user engagement and commitment to their physical goals and understand the role of the training tracking app in sustaining this motivation.
	why is it important to understand roles of the app?
	(what can it do?)
	start from the role of the training tracking app, why do people use it? what are possible benefits which workingout traking apps can offer? / why do people not use it? what are possible shortcomings of workingout tracking apps -> keep the reasons why people use it and benefits, cover the reasons why do people not use it and shortcommings. 
	1. why is it important to understand the role of the app
	2. what is the role of the workout tracking app / pros
	3. cons


2. Design an application that addresses the possible shortcomings of workout apps, which can deter consistency, and enhance the benefits that such apps can offer to users.
	smart goal planning
	app development planning (rough goal of each version?)
	app design (what features do I need to implement...)
* planning next version of the app
- rather than store data locally, store it on database(connect firebase)
- enhance usability of the app
- add visualised muscles
* dissertation
- wrote about the language I am using to develop the app and why I chose it




3. Implement the app by utilising technical resources to improve the user experience.
	(1) MVP implementation - gitHub release
		focus on key features of the app (can log quantifiable data, can add and delete exercise(customisable), can log exercise, can check the app version on the setting screen)
		can behave like standard fitness trackers
	(2) version 2 implementation
		focus on user interface (logo design, ui improvement)
		user friendly ui (picked colour scheme(yellow & blue for colour blind people, intuitive ui for exercise cards and layout, arrangement) )
	(3) version 2.1 implementation - app deployment (app store release, gitHub release)
		focus on researched factors (user centered app)
	(4) version 3 implementation
		integration test implementation
		feedback agaile reflection

4. Evaluate the app in terms of efficiency and user satisfaction and demonstrate that the proposed enhancements are beneficial.
	smart goal evaluation
	app reviews
	what I can do better if I do it again next time?

- conclusion 
	what studies should follow
